This can't be... is that..?
What is happening now?
[loud crash]
(Tsunade)
"Right around that time,... the
young shinobi who had just been
made genin..."
"..began making their way to a
village where their jonin had
disappeared."
"And amongst them... was the
Child of Prophecy... Naruto."
♪
What happened?
If you know anything, anything
at all please... tell me.
I'm sorry. But Izumo and
Kotetsu both disappeared
all of a sudden,
so I just got out of there as
quickly as I could...
To be completely honest, I don't
even remember how I made it back
to the Village at all.
I understand.  I'm sorry that
you had to go through all
that...
But even if you remember
something that seems minor,...
please...  be sure to tell me.
[gasp]
Ageha... an
Ageha butterfly...
He probably means
the Shinobi Ageha.
In this season, it's not unusual
to see them in the forest near
that village.
And is this butterfly
poisonous or anything?
No, but... It has powdery scales
that are known to encourage the
flow of chakra.
They're used as one of the main
ingredients in food pills.
[sigh] I can't believe
Izumo and Kotetsu could
be beaten so easily.
Thanks, everyone. It
looks like we're all set.
Not quite.  Team
7 is still-
Sorry we're late,
Lord Hokage...
Okay, we're all here now.
Time is tight. So I'll explain
the mission now.
I hope that this is way more
exciting than looking for a lost
cat or something super lame like
that!
Ahem...
This mission is a very
important one, okay?
Heh!?
Three teams of shinobi that had
been dispatched on secret
missions have all gone missing
for some unknown reason.
So your mission is to go
out and conduct a search to
try to find them.
Aw yeah!!!
However, if you do find them,
you're to contact the Hidden
Leaf right away.
(Minato)
Any attempts at rescue
are forbidden.
But why is that?
Considering who's been chosen
for this mission, the answer to
that should be pretty obvious to
everybody.
I know!  Is it 'cause all of us
are elite ninja overflowing with
unbelievable talent?!
Nearly all of the shinobi who've
gone missing are very
experienced jonin...
But the only one who was able to
make it back to the village was
a genin.
So it could mean that those with
experience and maturity are the
ones who are being targeted.
Mmm... and so that means?
It means that we were picked to
handle this situation because
we're newbies who just became
genin.
Well, you could put
it that way...
(Naruto)
What!? Is that why?
Naruto... most likely,
you're the one who...
Hm...? Hold up everyone.
What is it?
Isn't the village where we're
heading still a ways off?
Look there.
Huh?
Hey, what is that?
(Sakura)
Shinobi Ageha!
Oh wow cool! I'm
gonna go catch 'em!
Hey! Stop!
That's really
not necessary...
I'll get him.
Okay...
Come on...
Oh boy...
[gasp]
Eight Trigrams Grid Palm!
This is... [grunting]
[painful grunts]
[heavy breathing]
[grunting]
Huh? Kakashi Sensei!?
Naruto! Come back, now!
Ahh!
What do you think you're doing?!
I almost had it, you know!
On a mission, don't
go off on your own.
What did you just say!?
Look, you're not the boss of me!
I don't take orders from you!
You got that?!
This isn't an order!
I'm just telling you to
act more like a shinobi!
Going off on your own puts
others in danger and--
(Sakura)
Sasuke! Kakashi Sensei's
in trouble!
What happened?
Kakashi Sensei's... When I
turned around, he was...
(Sasuke)
He was dragged
under ground...
(Naruto)
No way!
What's going on!?
[painful grunts]
Asuma!
[gasp] Damn it!
They got him!
I don't get it! What just
happened to Sensei?
Yeah, where's
Asuma Sensei?
Right now... I don't know.
(Thinking)
This feeling...
is it chakra?
(Akamaru)
[barking]
What happened,
Akamaru?
What is it?
Akamaru is barking not because
something has happening.
Rather, the reason is that he
lost Kurenai Sensei's scent.
[barking]
(Thinking)
What is this...?
Byakugan!
There's a current of chakra
running underground... But where
is it coming from?
Neji, what is it?
I want to check something!
Stay with Guy!
[painful grunts]
Guy Sensei! What is it?
Does your chest hurt?
Nothing that a little
perseverance can't--
Guy Sensei!
Just take it easy!
I will go and bring back
some water for him.
Tenten, stay here and
watch over Guy Sensei.
Right.
(Tenten)
[screaming]
[gasp]
What happened?!
Guy Sensei got worse and then
these things just...
Where is Guy Sensei!?
There were these weird, black
vine-like things...
They sprang up, wrapped around
Sensei, and pulled him
underground.
(Rock Lee)
What!?
The current of chakra
is gone now...!
Sensei!
Kakashi Sensei is probably
in enemy hands.
So, what now? What're we
supposed to do?
What else, Sakura?!  We're gonna
find him and get him back no
matter what!
Damn it.
Yeah! I'll never quit!
[bell jingle]
So, what do we do!?
Huh!? What's gonna happen to
Sensei, and us!?
Well, the first thing is we
contact the other teams.
And then we'll have to get word
to the Hidden Leaf Village.
That's what Lord Hokage ordered,
after all. All right?
Mhm.
Hold on... hey guys! Stop!
What?
Damn it. Exactly what the Fourth
Hokage feared was going to
happen has just happened...
Huh?
It's probably safe for us to
assume that the same thing has
happened to the captains of the
other teams, as well.
The other teams, really?
Wait, so it's not only us? You
mean, Sasuke and Kiba and...
everyone's been left behind?
Prob'ly. I just hope Kakashi's
team isn't arguing among
themselves right now...
Since one of them can
be a real drag.
(Naruto)
Why, you--!
Wait, you loser!
No!  I already told you guys!
I'm never gonna give up!
Yeah, but where are
you even going?
Well, uh, I don't know,
exactly, but still!
Sometimes it's hard to believe
you're really the son of the
Fourth Hokage...
What did you just say to me!?
Do you really think that the
Hokage would send us out without
setting up any safeguards?
Huh?
Listen, I saw him pass
out special kunai to
all the team captains.
What?  Special kunai?
Did I stutter?
The ones he marks when he uses
the Transportation Ninjutsu
to teleport.
As long as the mark is there, he
can track anyone, anywhere.
Transportation Ninjutsu?
Look, you know the
Summoning Jutsu, right?
(Naruto)
Yeah...
Well... Think of it
as that type of jutsu.
The special kunai is the target.
And no matter how far away you
are...
...you can transport right
to the kunai in an instant
Lord Fourth is the only
one who's currently able
to use that jutsu.
Oh, okay!  I get it! I gotta
say, my Dad's pretty cool!
Hold on! I'm sorry, but I don't
think that's gonna work...
Huh?
(Naruto)
Uhhh... but that's...
I found it at the spot
where he disappeared.
This situation just got worse...
I can practically see the big
commotion that I'm certain Lee
must be raising because of Guy
Sensei disappearing
all of a sudden...
Guy Sensei! Guy Sensei! Guy
Sensei! Guy Sensei! Guy Sensei!
Slow down, Lee!
You have to calm down!
No, you are asking me
for the impossible!
Is the Shinobi Code more
important to you two than the
life of Guy Sensei?!
That's not what we're saying!
I can't believe this,
you blockhead!
Guy Sensei...!!
What do you think
you are doing?!
Just listen, would you!?
Shortly before Guy Sensei went
missing, there was an unusual
chakra current underground.
So did you detect it
with your Byakugan?
That's right. But the current's
not there anymore.
(Neji)
What I think we should do is
check in on the other teams.
Linking up with them and getting
their status should be our
priority now.
[sigh]
The key players will be the
members of Kurenai's team.
What do you mean? Why?
(Shikamaru)
Kiba's sense of smell,
Hinata's Byakugan,
and Shino's Parasitic Insects...
With their sensory skills, it'll
be easy to find the locations of
the other three teams.
And even more than that, they
can probably find the place
where the team captains are
being held right now, as well.
Yeah, you're right!  That'll
make things way faster than just
moving ahead blindly.
In situations like this one,
panic and proceeding without
thinking are our worst enemies.
It just makes more work for
everyone.
So until we're able to join up
with Kurenai's team... we'll
just sit tight.
[sniffing] Judging by the smell,
Choji must've eaten barbeque
last night...
(Hinata & Shino)
Kiba!
How's it coming?
Good! Asuma's team is over
in that direction.
Those guys are just sitting
there, doing nothing.
I'm pretty sure they know that
we're looking for them.
In any case... lets join up
with Shikamaru quickly.
Then we can pass his ideas on to
the other teams and all come up
with a unified plan.
The reason is because I have a
feeling there's someone who's
going act without thinking
things through...
Our individual abilities are
going to come in very handy in
this situation.
Yeah, Shikamaru is smart, but
he's still gonna need all our
skills when it comes time to
put a plan into action!
[laughing]
According to the plan, Kurenai's
team should be over in this
area.
Right!
[slurp] Guess what... I've
already put a curse on you...
Huh?
Preparations for the
ritual are complete!
And now... Come on! Let's
experience the ultimate pain
together!   Ha!
What is with this weirdo?
Yakking about curses and
rituals?
I don't like the sound of
this...
[grunt]
[cough]
Naruto!
Heh.  It hurts, doesn't it?
Soon it's gonna be excruciating,
so prepare yourself...
It's the commandment of the
gods!  Now you shall tremble in
abject fear!
[snoring]
He is totally conked out.
It may seem so, but he wakes up
sharp and alert.  Besides, it
helps him replenish his energy.
You're way too easy on Choji.
And you're too tough on him.
[gasps]
I had a feeling that
something was up...
I thought it'd happen a
few moves later, though.
Should've known that
they weren't going to
let us rest easily...
Incoming...
(Konan)
Paper Shuriken!
(Nagato)
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
[grunts]
(Thinking)
Damn it... We have to get out
of this Paper Storm...
Hey, Choji! Can you
break this up?!
Yeah, I'm all rested now!
Expansion Jutsu! Human Boulder!
Roll, roll, roll,
roll, roll, roll!
(Yahiko)
Water Style: Raging Waves!
It was you, wasn't it!?
You guys were the
ones who captured Asuma
Sensei, weren't you?!
Bring Asuma Sensei
back to us now!
[grunt] Just who in the hell are
you!?
Don't think that you'll ever be
able to escape from my curse!
The whole shinobi
world is cursed!
Just give up!
[grunting]
♪
(Tsunade)
"When the man in the strange
cloak raised up his pointed
"blade and drove it into his
side, impaling himself upon
it..."
"Naruto felt an excruciating
pain in the same area of
his own body."
(Naruto)
[grunt of discomfort]
(Sasuke)
It seems like this guy is more
than you can handle, Naruto.
(Naruto)
Next time on Naruto
Shippuden: "Team Jiraiya"
(Jiraya)
Long time no see!